docs/contributing/index.rst, before:

.. _contribution :

Contributing
=============

Agreement
----------

As a contributor, you represent that the code you submit is your
original work or that of your employer (in which case you represent
you have the right to bind your employer).  By submitting code, you
(and, if applicable, your employer) are licensing the submitted code
to LinkedIn and the open source community subject to the BSD 2-Clause
license.

Mailing Lists
-------------

If you want to get in touch regarding this project or have successful
of applications of DuaLip, we would love to hear from you. Please send us an email
at `ask_lp@linkedin.com <mailto:ask_lp@linkedin.com>`_.

Responsible Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
--------------------------------------------------

**Do not file an issue on Github for security issues.**  Please review
the `guidelines for disclosure
<https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62924>`_.  Reports should
be encrypted using PGP `public key
<https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/79676>`_ and sent to `security@linkedin.com
<mailto:security@linkedin.com?subject=Vulnerability%20in%20Github%20LinkedIn/DuaLip%20-%20%3Csummary%3E>`_
preferably with the title
"Vulnerability in Github LinkedIn/DuaLip - <short summary>".

Tips for Getting Your Pull Request Accepted
-------------------------------------------

#. Make sure all new features are tested and the tests pass.
#. Bug fixes must include a test case demonstrating the error that it fixes.
#. Open an issue first and seek advice for your change before submitting a pull request. Large features which have never been discussed are unlikely to be accepted.

Commit message:

Pytorch implementation for Dualip Matching Solver (#59)
Co-authored-by: Gregory Dexter <gdexter@linkedin.com>
Co-authored-by: Aida Rahmattalabi <arahmattalabi@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Gregory Dexter <gregorydexter1@gmail.com>

docs/contributing/index.rst, after:

.. _contribution:

Contributing
=============

.. container:: custom-title

   Agreement

As a contributor, you represent that the code you submit is your
original work or that of your employer (in which case you represent
you have the right to bind your employer).  By submitting code, you
(and, if applicable, your employer) are licensing the submitted code
to LinkedIn and the open source community subject to the BSD 2-Clause
license.

.. container:: custom-title

   Tips for Getting Your Pull Request Accepted

#. Make sure all new features are tested and the tests pass.
#. Bug fixes must include a test case demonstrating the error that it fixes.
#. Open an issue first and seek advice for your change before submitting a pull request. Large features which have never been discussed are unlikely to be accepted. 

.. container:: custom-title

   Responsible Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities

**Do not file an issue on Github for security issues.**  Please review
the `guidelines for disclosure
<https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/62924>`_.  Reports should
be encrypted using PGP `public key
<https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/79676>`_ and sent to `security@linkedin.com
<mailto:security@linkedin.com?subject=Vulnerability%20in%20Github%20LinkedIn/DuaLip%20-%20%3Csummary%3E>`_
preferably with the title
"Vulnerability in Github LinkedIn/DuaLip - <short summary>".

.. container:: custom-title

   Contact Us

If you want to get in touch regarding this project or have successful
of applications of DuaLip, we would love to hear from you. Please send the project contributors an email.
